## How long did you spend on the coding assignment? What would you add to your solution if you had more time? If you didn't spend much time on the coding assignment then use this as an opportunity to explain what you would add.

I spent around 4 hours on this assignment. I think it looks fully realized from BE part. The solution looks clear and extendable for me.

Potential extending I see in the error handling of getting quotes firstly. Currently, I don't inform the user if the program doesn't found results for some currencyCode. On the real project, I'll go to the product owner and ask "what should we do in the case when we have a response for 3 currencies and error for 2 of them? Looks like we have some successful results, but should we say that some currency unavailable now?"


## What was the most useful feature that was added to the latest version of your language of choice? Please include a snippet of code that shows how you've used it. 

Currently I'm not using any latest version of C#, like C# 9.0. But I like some of new features like:

public class GenericClass<T> where T : T1 | T2 | T3

## How would you track down a performance issue in production? Have you ever had to do this?

After one refactoring we found that blacklist service time chack increased on prod. It wasn't a critical value but it was much more than before refactoring. I used System.Diagnostics.Stopwatch to check the time on test env. 

Sometime later I checked SQL scripts generated by our ORM. I found the next one - ORM didn't get depending entities by default. We had around 100 entities on the blacklist. Any of them had 5 dependent entities. And every entity got from DB only when it was really called. So we get around 500 requests instead of 1.

After a one-line fix in ORM mapping, we get back to the normal performance time.


## What was the latest technical book you have read or tech conference you have been to? What did you learn?

I read "Clean architecture". I read it a second time and I guess it wasn't my last time. Every year I get some new experience and with the next reading, a lot of things look differently. I think we get much more from books when we can map it to our experience.
I've got an old project with a very dirty code and I was comparing the book content with the real examples and it helped me realize what part of the project could be implemented better.

## What do you think about this technical assessment?

It was nice. I didn't have an experience with cryptocurrency APIs before and it was interesting to get more knowledge about it.

## Please, describe yourself using JSON.

{
  "name": "Andrey",
  "last_name": "Shalnev",
  "age": 31,
  "marriage_status": "married",
  "nationality": "Ukrainian",
  "lives_in": "Kyiv",
  "years_of_experience": 8,
  "techlonogy_stack": [
    "C#",
    ".net",
	"SQL"
  ],
  "interests": [
    "Programming",
    "Football",
    "Mentoring"
  ],
  "dreams": [
    "To make this world a better place!"
  ]
}
